So whenever our location changes here in the location picker I want to inform the new place screen.
Well that of course means dead here.
When I picked up place on the map or although here if I got the user location in both cases I went to
trigger a method or a function which I expect to get from my new place screen.
So the same thing as we're doing it on the image picker and yet there once I took a image I called Props
on image taken to call a function that the parent component.
So the new place screen can pass to the image picker and I want to do the same here.
When I use the same pattern here in the location picker.
So here after picking a location with D please locate me button I want to trigger props on location
picked and forward this location in the end right and I want to do the exact same thing if I got a new
map location.
So besides setting the internal location to update the preview I'll forward.
In this case here the map pick location so on location picked us now a prop we can set on the location
picker so I'll do that here in the new place screen and this should now point to a function which will
receive the picked location so here we can add the location picked handler.
This is a function and this function will of course receive the location in the end and for the moment
I'll just console log at their and then take the function name here and passed it to all location picked
Soledad a reference to this function is passed to on location picked into the location picker.
Now one important thing on location picked is getting used and use effect here.
Therefore we should specify it as a dependency.
So to only specify this and not all our props I'll use this D structuring syntax for I get all location
picked out of my props like this so that I can use it without props.
Now I can use it here on location picked and now to make sure we get no infinite loop back in the new
place screen where we do with sand in this function.
I need to make sure that the location picked handler which is what I do provide on location picked is
a function that doesn't change all the time.
So here I'll import use callback and wrap use callback around my location picked handler to avoid that
this gets recreated with every render cycle in it therefore get into an infinite loop.
And here use callback needs no dependencies because in there right now I'm doing nothing with external
data.
So now we should see that log hopefully when we ever select a user with the Get use location button
and that's looking good.
Here's my output and the same if I pick it on the map.
So if I pick a location here and I click save I also get this outward so that seems to work this year
was my first output.
This was the second output for picking it on the map was Dad we have the information available in the
new place screen.
Now we just need to store it in some state there as we're doing it with the title and the image.
Saudi selected location selected location and set selected location.
We get that with the help of U.S. state and now we can call set selected location in here and set our
location like this don't need to specify this as a dependency.
You could but react will guarantee that it doesn't change any ways so you don't need to specify this.
And now we got our selected location here we can now use this in the safe place handler there besides
forwarding title value in selected image.
We can now also forward the selected location to ad place and they offer the next thing we'll do is
work on our redux logic to take that location into account and that's one thing that's missing right
now.
Also make sure we translate this coordinate pair we get into a human readable address as well.